minor doc fixes (#5224)
pymc-devs/pymc: docs/source/contributing/jupyter_style.md

The date should correspond to the latest update/execution date, at least roughly (it's not a problem if the date is a few days off due to the review process before merging the PR). This will allow users to see which notebooks have been updated lately and will help the PyMC team make sure no notebook is left outdated for too long.

The [MyST target](https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/syntax/syntax.html#targets-and-cross-referencing)

> is important to ease referencing and linking notebooks between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is important to ease referencing and linking notebooks between each other.
```

Maybe `linking notebooks between each other` is a better expression than `linking notebooks between them`

Author: @martinacantaro I took the liberty of converting your comment into a suggestion to make it easier to update
